OSDOCS-8517 Node bug text for 4.15 GA RNs (#71916)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, because of a default setting (`container_use_dri_devices, true`), containers were unable to use dri devices. With this fix, containers can use dri devices as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-24042[*OCPBUGS-24042*])

* Previously, the kubelet was running with the `unconfined_service_t` SELinux type. As a consequence, all our plugins failed to deploy due to an Selinux denial. With this fix, the kubelet now runs with the `kubelet_exec_t` SELinux type. As a result, plugins deploy as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20022[*OCPBUGS-20022*])

* Previously, the kubelet was running with the `unconfined_service_t` SELinux type. As a consequence, all our plugins failed to deploy due to an Selinux denial. With this fix, the kubelet now runs with the `kubelet_exec_t` SELinux type. As a result, plugins deploy as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20022[*OCPBUGS-20022*])

> * Remove the automatic image removal on an upgrade. Now, when Openshift performs a minor upgrade, the container images won't be automatically removed. This caused issues in pre-pulling images. The images will be instead subject to kubelet's image garbage collection, which will trigger based on disk usage. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-25228[*OCPBUGS-25228*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove the automatic image removal on an upgrade. Now, when Openshift Container Platform performs a minor upgrade, the container images will not be automatically removed. This caused issues in pre-pulling images. The images will be instead subject to kubelet's image garbage collection, which will trigger based on disk usage. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-25228[*OCPBUGS-25228*])
```
See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#openshift-glossary-of-terms

* Previously, CRI-O was not configuring the cgroup hierarchy correctly to account for the unique way that `crun`` creates cgroups. As a consequence, disabling the CPU quota with a PerformanceProfile did not work. With this fix, using a PerformanceProfile to disable CPU quota works as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20492[*OCPBUGS-20492*])

* Previously, because of a default setting (`container_use_dri_devices, true`), containers were unable to use dri devices. With this fix, containers can use dri devices as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-24042[*OCPBUGS-24042*])

* Previously, the kubelet was running with the `unconfined_service_t` SELinux type. As a consequence, all our plugins failed to deploy due to an Selinux denial. With this fix, the kubelet now runs with the `kubelet_exec_t` SELinux type. As a result, plugins deploy as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20022[*OCPBUGS-20022*])

> * Previously, the kubelet was running with the `unconfined_service_t` SELinux type. As a consequence, all our plugins failed to deploy due to an Selinux denial. With this fix, the kubelet now runs with the `kubelet_exec_t` SELinux type. As a result, plugins deploy as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-20022[*OCPBUGS-20022*])

Reviewer 2: This looks to be a duplicated entry for the one just above it

Author: Whoops, thanks!
